so this question is coming from Easter
Lake
they're asking war Crusaders who feature
a AI opponents not seen in the previous
stronger cassette of one and so as we've
already said it the game will feature
several new in our opponents they'll
vary quite differently from each other
and the way they work with you and we
want the characters to surprise you and
interact with you more strongly than
before and the large number of our
opponents will be sort of classics or
returning from the first Crusader as
well as completely new character to the
series then have their own fighting
style sense of humor but essentially we
want an each character to be a different
battle so each combination of if you
play with a combination of human our
opponents each time you mix those up
it'll be a completely different fight
and even if you fight against the same
opponent twice that might have a new
type of castle or with the new range of
Defense's you know there the
personalities a mixed up as well so they
run their economies differently they
taunt you differently they harass you
differently you know and they generally
am they generally try to make your life
a living hell
but each skirmish match will be will be
different from the last one
so deictic in 92 has asked what graphics
engine you'll be using priscilla - we
can tell you the game will feature and
enhanced vision engine so we'll be a 3d
and it will feature have it physics but
the main thing for either side from a
few optimizations and you know
enhancements souviens
the wall destruction is basically just
to make the game run as smoothly as
possible on computers big and small so
everyone can have a great time playing
the game so we've got a question from
Jarmon Kell which is how is the graphics
engine different from stronger two or
three so and postera - were using the
vision engine which is completely
different to the stronger two engine and
which we actually about ourselves and
it's its receipt it's longer used in
stronger three but it's receive a lot of
optimizations to have it run better and
you know and there we are obviously a
lot of a lot of more highly detailed
models and buildings and one thing worth
pointing out is that the programmers in
the art superb hell of a lot of time
into making a UI the mini-map the
multiplayer Lobby the AI are parts the
game and you know just completely new
completely redesigned for sale - they're
now better looking than more intuitive
and they're less obstructive left big on
the screen so you can sort of see more
of the action and combine these things
will make it feel like a really a really
new fantastic new game that is you know
worthy sequel to Crusader 1 Burpo has
asked us will there be an in-game map
editor and obviously the stronger games
sort of thrive in their community of map
builders you know as you know maps are
still being created and submitted for
the original games I think our top
stronghold website the fan site just
went past 6000 downloadable maps the
other day so it goes without saying that
we will be including a full map editor
for Crusader 2 it will give players the
same kind of creativity and flexibility
that we have when making the maps and
we're also looking to make it easier to
find the map editor this time so if
you're looking for it or just being your
Steam library listed as a separate app
so if you want to open it up you just
point to the two in your list of games
and it will be run
underneath so Sergio seven seven seven
has asked will units be able to destroy
walls in the game and we understand this
is a pet peeve for some players and you
know we can confirm that you know won't
just hack at the walls away with their
weapons that actually take out tools and
dismantle walls we'll also be adding an
option in from the first game which
should sort of probably the problem as
well which actually brings me on to the
next question
so platen has asked for the strong wall
option be included and the stronger
option from Crusader one will be
included and for those of you don't know
what it is it essentially means that and
your average Knight can't knock down a
wall or a tower and they have to go
through the gatehouse siege equipment
can destroy walls but your average
knight can't just knock them down so sir
Abe has asked us will the game feature
magic crystal will not beat your magic
we know how much our players you know on
the whole value realism in authenticity
and we are you know we respect an epic
sailor - don't get me wrong we love Game
of Thrones but you won't see any dragons
in this game Tom our sk template has
asked will this be a steam only game
it's in perfectly honest we haven't
decided where the Crusader 2 will be
exclusive steam or not and the game is
definitely built with steam in mind and
you know another kind of cool steam work
features that sort of entails but we
haven't decided whether or not it's
gonna be exclusive to the platform yet
this question is from ex huggles asking
will they be in offline LAN multiplayer
we hope to take advantage over players
ability to form a direct connection of a
LAN and we're looking into the viability
of doing this on a steam platform but we
haven't got anything to confirm just yet
Farmington has said since Firefly is
self-publishing Crusader 2 can you still
buy a physical copy
he says this is stronghold I need a copy
for my collection we would love to do a
physical copy of Crusader 2 and it's
something we want to do and we work
nothing to announce right now we just
concentrate on developing the game and
releasing our digital platforms let's
thank you guys for watching these series
of videos and it really does mean lot to
us that you would send your questions
and you know we want to answer the
questions but you know we are completely
independent now so we can be open and
honest with you guys and you know let
you know what's going on with
development yeah it obviously helps us a
great deal you sending in the questions
as well to help rack our brains and you
know see what other features we might be
able to answer the game so thank you